



TBD                                                          H. Birkholz
Internet-Draft                                            Fraunhofer SIT
Intended status: Standards Track                             A. Delignat
Expires: 20 August 2022                                        Microsoft
                                                        16 February 2022


      An Architecture for Trustworthy Supply Chain Ledger Services
                draft-birkholz-scitt-architecture-latest

Abstract

   A transparent and authentic ledger service in support of a supply
   chain's integrity, transparency, and trust requires all peers that
   contribute to the ledgers operations to be trustworthy and authentic.
   In this document, the supply chain context is illustrated using
   problem statements, requirements are derived from use case
   definitions, and architectural constituents are specified and
   illustrated in usage scenarios.  The resulting architecture is
   intended to enable multi-layer interoperability to produce and
   leverage believable trust assertions while maintaining a minimal
   adoption threshold.

Discussion Venues

   This note is to be removed before publishing as an RFC.

   Source for this draft and an issue tracker can be found at
   https://github.com/ietf-scitt/draft-birkholz-scitt-architecture.

Status of This Memo

   This Internet-Draft is submitted in full conformance with the
   provisions of BCP 78 and BCP 79.

   Internet-Drafts are working documents of the Internet Engineering
   Task Force (IETF).  Note that other groups may also distribute
   working documents as Internet-Drafts.  The list of current Internet-
   Drafts is at https://datatracker.ietf.org/drafts/current/.

   Internet-Drafts are draft documents valid for a maximum of six months
   and may be updated, replaced, or obsoleted by other documents at any
   time.  It is inappropriate to use Internet-Drafts as reference
   material or to cite them other than as "work in progress."

   This Internet-Draft will expire on 20 August 2022.

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2022 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents (https://trustee.ietf.org/
   license-info) in effect on the date of publication of this document.
   Please review these documents carefully, as they describe your rights
   and restrictions with respect to this document.  Code Components
   extracted from this document must include Revised BSD License text as
   described in Section 4.e of the Trust Legal Provisions and are
   provided without warranty as described in the Revised BSD License.

Table of Contents

   1.  Introduction
     1.1.  Requirements Notation
   2.  Digital Artifacts in Supply Chains
   3.  Privacy Considerations
   4.  Security Considerations
   5.  IANA Considerations
   6.  Normative References
   Appendix A.  Attic
   Authors' Addresses

1.  Introduction

   Introduction

1.1.  Requirements Notation

   The key words "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT",
   "SHOULD", "SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED", "NOT RECOMMENDED", "MAY", and
   "OPTIONAL" in this document are to be interpreted as described in
   BCP 14 [RFC2119] [RFC8174] when, and only when, they appear in all
   capitals, as shown here.

2.  Digital Artifacts in Supply Chains

   Context

3.  Privacy Considerations

   Privacy Considerations

4.  Security Considerations

   Security Considerations

5.  IANA Considerations

   See Body Section 2.

6.  Normative References

   [RFC2119]  Bradner, S., "Key words for use in RFCs to Indicate
              Requirement Levels", BCP 14, RFC 2119,
              DOI 10.17487/RFC2119, March 1997,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc2119>.

   [RFC8174]  Leiba, B., "Ambiguity of Uppercase vs Lowercase in RFC
              2119 Key Words", BCP 14, RFC 8174, DOI 10.17487/RFC8174,
              May 2017, <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8174>.

Appendix A.  Attic

   Not ready to throw these texts into the trash bin yet.

Authors' Addresses

   Henk Birkholz
   Fraunhofer SIT
   Rheinstrasse 75
   64295 Darmstadt
   Germany

   Email: henk.birkholz@sit.fraunhofer.de


   Antoine Delignat
   Microsoft
   United Kingdom

   Email: antdl@microsoft.com
